[Music]
ten detective riddles only the most
attentive 1% can solve it has been
scientifically proven that you must
solve 10 detective riddles every day to
develop and exercise your brain you
don't believe it
ok ok perhaps we have made this fact up
but you can't deny that entertaining
your mind solving cases along with
Sherlock Holmes and other famous
detectives is anything but boring so if
you are ready to check how attentive you
are this video is what you need watch a
riddle have 15 seconds to try to crack
it and move to the next one remember to
give us a like for letting you feel like
a real professional and solving crimes
good luck number 10 a detective and the
blacksmith brothers on a snowy winter
night the detective was resting in front
of the fireplace
suddenly somebody threw a snowball at
his window the hit was so strong that
the glass shattered the detective stood
up and had just enough time to notice
three kids who lived in the neighborhood
running away they were brothers with the
name's Sam blacksmith Peter blacksmith
and Mark blacksmith the next day a paper
note was left on the detectives door
there it was written question mark
blacksmith he threw the snowball the
detective knew immediately which brother
to question ok now you have 15 seconds
hopefully enough time to figure it out
the symbol question mark is called the
question mark so here we go question
mark blacksmith he threw the snowball
number nine hotel room a woman was
staying in her hotel room when somebody
knocked at the door when she opened it
she saw an unknown man he looked
surprised and said I apologize I thought
it was my room he turned away and went
in the direction of the elevators the
woman however returned to the room and
dialed security why was she so
suspicious have you already figured it
out
time is ticking the woman logically
decided that if the man had thought that
the room was his he wouldn't have
knocked such behavior is typical for
those criminals who break into hotel
rooms and steal whatever they can they
knock on the door to make sure there's
nobody inside number eight suicide or
murder a detective comes to a crime
scene a man is said to jump out of a
window of an abandoned building and
commit suicide
the detective goes inside the building
to the first floor to the room at the
front he lights a cigarette goes up to
the window which faces the dead man
opens it and throws the cigarette out
then he goes to the second floor and
does the same he continues until he has
visited all the floors and repeated the
action again and again then he returns
to his team and says that it was by no
means a suicide but a murder how did he
find it out it took the detective much
longer than 15 seconds to understand the
truth what about you are you smarter
when a person commits suicide jumping
from a high floor they don't tend to
close the window behind them but in this
case none of the windows which faced the
dead man were left open it means that
there was somebody who closed them after
the man died number seven ice-t two
young ladies were having dinner together
they both ordered ice tea one of them
was very thirsty and drank very fast she
had five glasses during the time the
other drank only one tragically the girl
who was nursing her drink and drinking
slowly died the other stayed alive but
it turned out that all the drinks they
had been served contain poison how is it
possible that the girl who drank more
survived a strange case are you ready
with the answer
in fact the poison was contained in the
ice the ice and the tea of the girl who
drank fast didn't have time to melt but
the ice cubes and the other girls drink
melted releasing the poison into her
teeth number six mysterious death in the
car a man was found shot to death in his
car the policemen were puzzled as there
was no gunpowder on his clothes or
anywhere else in the car this meant that
the person who shot him was outside but
all the windows were closed all the
doors locked and the only bullet hole
was on the man's body how was it
possible perhaps some mystic powers
here's your 15 seconds the answer is
actually quite simple the car where the
man had been killed was a convertible
when the fatal shot sounded the roof was
down number 5 fly in coffee a woman was
having breakfast at a nice restaurant at
one moment she noticed a fly in her
coffee she was indignant and made the
way to bring her another cup of the
drink after he returned with a new cup
of coffee she shouted what is the
service in this place you have brought
me the same cup of coffee
how did she understand it perhaps the
woman was a psychic what do you think
she had already put sugar in her
previous cup of coffee when she tried
the new one it was sweet number four in
court for killing the wife a man is
accused of killing his wife his lawyer
in his final statement declares that the
wife of the man in fact hasn't been
killed and will enter the courtroom in a
minute everybody in the room including
the judge and the jury turns and looks
at the door and the lawyer with the
defendant looks at them several minutes
pass and the lawyer says it proves that
you are not so sure that my client has
killed his wife otherwise you wouldn't
believe me
almost immediately after that the jury
comes up with a guilty verdict why does
it happen 15 seconds to find the answer
the man who had been accused wasn't
looking at the door he was sure his wife
wouldn't enter as he had killed her
number three a case of a smuggler a man
carrying two bags with sand crosses the
Mexican border on a bicycle every day
customs officers regularly check the
bags and all the time
they contain sand it is obvious that the
man smuggled something but the officers
can't realize what it is exactly as they
don't have any proof
the man crosses the border without
interruptions what does he smuggle your
time has started this creative
individual distracts the custom officers
attention with the bags of sand but in
fact he smuggles bicycles number two
suicide message a body of a man was
found in the flat at some moment he
collapsed against his desk a gun in his
hand the police found a cassette
recorder nearby when they pressed the
play button what they heard was I can't
live like this anymore
then the sound of a gunshot was heard
however the detective immediately
figured out that it was a murder how did
he realize that it wasn't a suicide
surely you already know the answer if
not you still have some time
[Music]
if the man had killed himself he by no
means would have been able to rewind the
tape conclusion there was someone else
number one crime scene a man killed his
wife in their car
he used the knife which he later threw
away into an abyss where nobody was
going to find it his wife's body he took
out of the car he was very careful and
left no fingerprints after that he
headed home and a couple of hours he got
a call from the police they informed him
that his wife had been killed and he had
to arrive at the crime scene right away
as soon as he got there however he was
suspected for the murder
how did the police realize it had been
him who was guilty and 15 seconds for
you take your time the husband wasn't
informed of the definite location of the
crime scene
despite that he came to the right place
we hope you had a good time while
solving these riddles which one was the
hardest nut to crack
tell us in the comments and share this
video with your friends you can compare
the results afterwards remember to hit
the like button if this video gathers
50,000 likes we will prepare more
mind-boggling riddles for you to stay
tuned click Subscribe join us on the
bright side